Add a guide for upgrading and migrating ES indices (#3321)
WordPress/openverse: documentation/ingestion_server/guides/troubleshoot.md

# Troubleshooting

This guide describes various manual steps to troubleshoot issues with the
ingestion server's processes like database transfer, ES indexing.

## Interrupt indexing

The ingestion server performs indexing using indexer workers, whose primary
purpose it is to create documents from the API database and index them in
Elasticsearch.

> They are EC2 instances that are stopped by default when indexing is not taking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexer workers are EC2 instances that are stopped by default when indexing is not taking
```
A little redundant, but to make sure that it's clear what we're talking about :)

Author: Resolved in 128da0b.

> not taking place. The indexer server raises them up, provides them with the

Reviewer 2: For consistency:
```suggestion
not taking place. The ingestion server raises them up, provides them with the
```

Author: Implemented in 66134fa.

Sometimes it is necessary to manually interrupt indexing, for example to limit
the size of a test/staging index. To do so, follow these steps.

1. Determine the active ingestion worker machines from the AWS EC2 dashboard.
   They will be named `indexer-worker-(dev|prod)` and will be in the "running"
   state.

2. SSH into the machine using it's public IP.

   ```console
   $ ssh ec2-user@<public-ip>
   ```

3. Determine the name of the active `indexer_worker` container and pause it.

   ```console
   $ docker ps
   $ docker pause <container_id>
   ```

4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for each active ingestion worker machine. Leave the SSH
   sessions open.

5. Wait for a few minutes and keep an eye on the document count in the
   Elasticsearch index that was currently being created. It may increase a
   little because of timing effects but should stop after a few minutes.

6. From each of the open SSH sessions, send a completion notification to the
   ingestion server's internal IP address.

   ```console
   $ curl \
     -X POST \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"error":false}' \
     http://<internal-ip>:8001/worker_finished

>    ```

Reviewer: Would it be possible to add an API endpoint here that would perform all of these steps without the need for manual steps? Something like `http://<internal-ip>:8001/terminate_indexing`?
If so, then we should probably open an issue for that.

Author: It could be possible, but it will need investigation into feasibility and RoI on the amount of effort considering it's not something we do frequently.

Additionally a limit defined in code would be a better approach to limiting the index size rather than making the process of termination more convenient.

7. Terminate the SSH sessions and stop the indexer worker EC2 machines from the
   AWS EC2 dashboard.

8. The ingestion server will the instruct ES to start the next step of indexing,

>    i.e. replication.

Reviewer: This is a really helpful document! Just like the others :)
